Here we are, welcome everybody from the fantabulous confines of the dynasty typewriter here in
MacArthur Park with a sweeping icing that's flowing down.
Harmontown is now in session.
All right.
Spencer Crittenden.
And just for good measure, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Here we are, welcome everybody from the fantabulous confines of the dynasty typewriter here in
MacArthur Park with a sweeping icing that's flowing down.
The mayor of Tijuana would be like, you have a point about our bathrooms.
They are not a place for surgery to take place.
I think if you wash your hands during Comic-Con, they get dirtier than if you just don't wash
them.
Anyways, thank you for that.
I like that beat.
That was like a very old Western, it felt like I was on a prairie.
Let's give it up for Zac McKeever up on the beat booth.
But don't let my forced anxiety driven rhymes cast a pallor on what was really probably
one of the most delightful Comic-Cons ever, which is saying a lot because I always have
a good time there.
Did you have a good time at Comic-Con?
Oh boy.
You love crowds and adulation and it was packed this year.
I felt like on Thursday it was as packed as Friday, and on Friday I thought it was as
packed as it was on Saturday of the prior year.
I didn't go on Saturday because I was terrified.
It's kind of interesting this year, I'm in some kind of limbo where I'm constantly aware
of like, okay Harmon, this is a thing to not be taken for granted getting on a golf cart
and doing this thing, it's a thing that you keep doing.
You never say no to it, you go there, you definitely like it, it's a religious experience
for you.
You go there and it's like Mecca for all these people and you're a part of that, you're a
little baby priest or cardinal, dare I say, within this Vatican of, these are probably
bad metaphors to draw upon in our turbulent times.
What metaphor, what analogy can you use anymore?
But anyways, this year I was kind of like, I was so afraid to either take it for granted
or overindulge in it, like I'm sick of my own face and voice, so I'm like, I don't want
to be a rock star, nor do I want to pretend like I don't love this experience, that I
ended up in this totally zen, I was like, this is what it is, this is what you do, can
you get to the lobby by 11am, 6am, can you be here and talk to this person, is that,
and then you, and then what I didn't do is go to the entertainment weekly party.
I didn't do these things that aren't in the moment, because trying to get into the entertainment
weekly party is like the last, they do that, the entertainment weekly party is a pagan
ritual at Comic-Con that is specifically designed to remind everyone that they are technically
nerds and that that still means being unempowered and gross.
You could show up for the entertainment weekly party at 7pm with 40 tickets and 20 wrist
bands and a signed affidavit from Steven Spielberg saying, I approve of these invitations that
you sent to this person, you could represent 50% of the guest list and they would still
be like, well, I don't know, it's kind of a hot scene, can you wait over there for a
second and you're just like, come on, let me talk to Adam Savage and get out of here,
I'm tired, anyways, but I didn't go, I didn't go, and I didn't really see any of our famous
friends, I didn't even see you.
Yeah, one of your most famous friends.
I would see you, I would just see you over in the corner of something.
In the boat, that was basically one of the only places we saw each other, I think, on
that boat.
And I might look back at this as the year when it was the peak of maybe because given
my age range, my trajectory, I wouldn't be surprised to find out this was the year when,
if you could measure it, like the most of my personal friends and acquaintances and things
that I care about were there.
Yeah, I didn't really, I just kind of floated around like a, like a do the same boat that
we, I was on like that kind of weird, like old, old school yachts, even better, Jeff.
Even better.
Oh yeah.
This one had water jet pack people.
I saw that.
There was a dude at night with like light up.
Let's talk about the water jet pack people and Justin found out that you can't do fireworks,
the city or Harbor master or whatever I'm saying.
They hate that.
You can't do fireworks.
I said, Justin, because what could be more flammable than the ocean?
Justin Roiland co-creator Rick and Morty.
He gets a yacht with his buddies every, every year it's become a tradition and he wanted
to do fireworks on it.
And they said, no, you can't do that.
But what you can do, I don't know if they provide this, this, this alternative.
Yeah.
You could call this number.
There's these two guys that adorn themselves in Christmas lights and hover over the ocean
on fire hose jet packs.
And I spent most of the night talking to the Star of Farscape about whether or not those
guys had other jobs.
And that was the most fun.
I was just saying, I took an extra 10 milligrams of Adderall.
I was shit-faced.
I feel bad for the Star of Farscape.
I never met him.
I really, him and the Onion Knight, I just, I'll never see them again.
The, the man, I fucking let Liam Cunningham have it.
Don't be the last Game of Thrones guy at the Justin Roiland yacht party with Dan Harmon
on it.
You're going to get all of that.
I don't, I was, I was, I was, I was scattered the last time I was like, oh, I can do shots
with Ramsay Bolton.
I was just, just the Onion Knight.
I was just like, gear mirror like my, your character's like me.
I got no fingers.
I lost my fingers.
Yeah.
That last, last time I was there, there was that boat and then I turned the corner and
there was Sam, the, the, the, the chubby, oh yeah, reading guy.
He talks to my ex.
Wait.
Okay.
Let's, let's, let's take, let's take a little bit more about that.
Oh, the, Jesus, God, anyway, I got to get out of here, no, no, on that boat party.
He was talking to my then girlfriend and we broke up at a point, but then like his birthday
rolled around it like she commissioned a picture for him for his birthday.
I'm like, oh, I guess they still talk.
That's cool.
He, you know, he won the game of thrones, he kind of did.
He kind of did.
Yeah.
And did you put the timeline together ever and go, wait a minute, is he the causal thing
about all this?
It's like, I hope so.
That would be awesome.
She met him on a boat, then we broke up.
Then she drew a painting of him and then, yeah, that's, that is, yep.
That would fit.
The timeline works.
Those three things did happen in that order because we were dating.
That's kind of the role that he had in the show.
He was like, oh, I'm no, I'm no brand, the broken, but I really am the metaphor for the
author and the puppet master of everything and nothing battle ever happened to me and
I'll just, I just, I'm going to get all the, the West Westeros Puss and she was pregnant
too.
What?
No, no.
Oh, because Gilly was pregnant.
Okay.
Uh, were there, were there more G.O.G. folks on the boat, no, no, no were there far scape
folks, Lin-Manuel Miranda was there, my good friend.
Did you guys squash your beef?
No, we were back to back for an uncomfortable amount of time.
I should, every time, I don't know, I, I, when I left that party, I identified several
errors that I made and that was one of them.
Oh boy, there was about six or seven crucial errors that I made and Lord knows what the
party would have been a mile like if I did not make those errors.
I probably wouldn't be here tonight.
Lin and I collectively, although I want to say I had no fucking part of this.
I don't know if he, how much he did, but like somehow we, after the boat closed, um, we accidentally
spread the idea that there was a party happening at the Hilton and when the reality was the
only thing happening at the Hilton was us going to bed and we, we, we, we horribly
piped like a bunch of people that probably lived the opposite direction.
And the boat was so far away from the Hilton.
Yeah.
And so are all the other hotels, like if you're at the Marriott and you walk from the boat
to the Hilton, you're going to be mad walking back.
You'll be mad walking to the Hilton.
Yeah.
No, they were, they were mad.
Nick Rutherford, a new Rick and Morty writer, he, at one point he got on one of those scooters
and, uh, and that was, he kind of, he, he tried to make things better by, he was doing,
he was buzzing us as a, with millennial, uh, quotes, like he was just, it was, he kept
zipping by us and then saying, well, he was like saying, it was like lateral stuff.
He was like, I'm a team player.
It was like, it was, it was, it was, it was good.
It was good.
He had a good gig because he could like whiz bias, come up with one and then think about
it and do it, come back.
And it was perfect.
It was like a great bit.
I, I was really excited.
Uh, yeah.
And I, I, I, I made some new friends and I talked to a lot of, uh, fans and I, I was
like, I was really, I felt, I felt more like mirroring, more in the moment.
If you encountered me in San Diego, I don't know if you had more of a powerful thing
than in a day when I was less in the moment and worried that you were going to, uh, hurt
me or something.
And I, I felt like I had more intimate conversations with, uh, with the people I talked to.
And there were a lot of people, for instance, say, you know, like, not a lot of people,
but the proper like fraction of people going, like mentioning my workout on the Instagram
and how they've been watching it and, and, and, and rooting for it or whatever the, whatever
you want to say about that.
People saying like, Hey, are you going to do another Whiting Wong?
I'm like, I don't know.
Should I?
I don't know.
Four more people asked them.
I'll do it.
And then a fourth person asked, but it was Jessica Gao.
I ran, I ran into her and I was like, um, uh, yeah, I was like, maybe we should, she, she
suggested, well, why don't we, instead of thinking about whether you do another season
of Whiting Wongs, why don't you do like, why don't we just do one-offs, like, like, what's,
what's the harm of just getting together and doing like an episode, haven't you whited
all the Wongs?
Well, that's the thing is that's why I wanted, I was like, well, we're talking in circles
and I, I, there's a point where it's actually distracting, right?
Yeah.
But, but I think, I think, I think enough Wongs have, I think there's, I think there's
some, yeah, racial equality has been restored.
Yeah, it's exactly.
Yeah.
Where are, all right, well, that's I, I, I, I, I, I, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like the robot-
It didn't get, it didn't get power-
Bring the mic up a little bit.
I think the mic's a bit low for you.
I think the mic's a bit low.
Yeah.
Bring it, bring it up a little.
Operate your microphone.
Stand.
With one hand.
Now, that's a microphone.
How does that feel for you?
Why is this the first time in like eight years that this has been important?
You're almost there.
Try her out.
Take her for a spin.
Take the tires.
Hello.
It's so funny now.
Having so many flashbacks to the first day I combed my hair in seventh grade.
I was thinking the same thing.
You were all there.
Your applause was as hurtful then as it is now.
Look who's showered.
We told you you'd love it.
You smell great.
Steve Levy in the vodka.
Ice bucket.
All right.
Well, let's bring out our guest.
Very old friend of the podcast.
Haven't been talking to him enough lately.
Needs no introduction really.
You sound so good right now, man.
That's like your hair's been combed.
Your shoes are tied.
Your mic was too low, bro.
For eight years?
No, just today.
Today.
It was too low.
I mean, I just, yeah, well, so you look great.
All right.
Well, please welcome our friend, cousin, statesman, brother, Duncan Tressall.
Oh, yeah, I know the music sounded like your job was now to throw a knife at a woman and
miss.
You sounded very like, please welcome the enigmatic professor blade, but it's magic.
It's magic.
I follow you into the light and kill you again.
I don't think there's a more unimpressive way to describe that trick than missing someone
with a knife.
It's so negative.
I mean, I love it.
It's amazing.
It's like William Teller, just like some asshole, oh, he missed his kid.
I guess that's when they brought the balloons in there, like, can I, can we put this in
a positive way in the press release?
He hit a balloon, yeah, asterisk that was really close to a lady, right?
So did he miss the lady because I'm not coming to see the show if he didn't miss the lady.
Yes, sir.
He missed the lady, but we want you to know that he's a proactive knife thrower.
He doesn't just miss things.
Okay, because I was going to say I could miss a lady with a knife.
I've been doing it for 30 years.
That's called marriage.
Sir that that that weird forest donkey laugh doesn't doesn't doesn't make your inherent
misogyny any any any any any lighter.
I thought I thought it did and I'm a paying customer.
You're going to let me let me in.
Let me into your knife show.
We're standing out.
I'm standing on a sidewalk outside the theater where the knife show is happening.
That's what you don't know.
All right, let's move on.
Yeah, what's new in duck and truffle man, like a couple staples.
What do you mean?
Oh, I had a baby.
Yeah.
I got a little baby now.
Thank you.
That applause is that that that's rolling that's the rolling applause of people who really
respect the Duncan trestle kind of brand because they're like, should he have a kid?
Oh, is that what that was?
Yeah, well, they're like, I think he maybe should, but should he I don't know.
It's different from like, I mean, Bill Cosby, well, yeah, he had a kid is America's dad.
Look how that turned out.
Jesus Christ.
I'm not.
Well, I can't.
First of all, I'm getting so insecure up here.
Really?
I'm still stuck on the brain donkey laugh with you are making fun of my life.
Now you're comparing me.
No.
No, I was a no, I'm never making fun.
I don't have time to make fun of other people.
I can't.
I can't even see you through my ass lining.
I'm wearing my own sphincter as a blindfold.
I.
Wow.
Yeah.
I was, you know, my wife actually asked me today if I had a prolapse, like if my asshole
fell out in the bathroom, would I call for help for this?
This is a hypothetical.
Oh, if you did.
Okay.
Like, yeah, like, you know, the question was like, if you had an approach, like if your
rectum fell out, would you call for help or would you be too embarrassed?
And I said, I would fucking hang myself with it because I would call for help to anybody
that was an earshot.
I would get a plunger and try and just stuff it back in.
A blender, a plunger, a blender, now a blender now that could be something don't don't.
Vitamix your prolapse is or is approach it.
Never use a blender to get your prolapse asshole back inside your body.
That's just a that's just a fool's errand.
I don't know.
Is this prolapse?
Ain't his thing like just something.
This is just a thing that that that that people started happens to 30 and 40 it's like elephant
tight is like in breakfast club like it's like a thing that's like technically possible
but it's not like a common.
It doesn't just happen to everybody like kidneys happens all that happens to one out of three
people that your ass will just falls out of your ass.
It could happen to you tonight then yeah will happens more on the full moon.
Look everybody in the audience look to your left and then look to your right.
Both of those people for prolapse anus is is it a thing that just happens randomly or
is it associated with age?
Does your it's vaccine related vaxxers take heart vaxxers yeah I mean a lot of people
think that the pediatricians are making money off the vaccines but it's not the case.
It's the pediatricians are usually connected to proctologists if you do they're getting
kickbacks from the kickbacks from the proctologists yeah so blast them with a vaccine within a
month their asshole falls out you know the whole story classic yeah that's that's part
of your recent Washington Post piece about prolapse assholes and yeah pediatricians yeah
I'm in a lot of danger probably yeah yeah you're gonna get murdered well no people
came to shoot me with vaccine darts it's fucked up man then nobody will take you seriously
they'll go oh he wrote this article because he has a prolapse anus and he's trying to
make it part of something other than him being a real schnook oh so you're gonna call me
a schnook because my asshole fell out I'm just saying like a stigma against people who
have that you're you're very life partner brought up the question like if it happened
to you in your own bathroom would you even call my name or would you be so embarrassed
that this fate befell you that you would simply try to stuff it back up there like a Kleenex
with a plunger I mean so shit so don't don't don't look at me as the source of the of the
of the shade over prolapse anus re I I welcome it well I mean it you did call it anus re
it's you don't even mean to do it but there's a lot of stigma attached to prolapse does your
partner often give you weird hypothetical situations like that or is that the first one
or like oh no she gets she's she'll like the other day she texted me because like I had
it like I've been very busy lately so I had like a day off she's like just relax just relax
and like see if you know you could just chill out today and like within two seconds the next
text was if we get a home invader you know we have to fight for our love yeah no matter
what because they'll just kill us anyway what it was is she just hanging her weird anxieties
on you like just like let them like hang them out to dry because you're done well no I think
she's gotten sucked into one of these mommy groups and it's like because after you have
a baby there's all these mommy groups is what they're called so it's like mom's like sort
of like support groups for having children people who just had a baby which is like incredibly
painful for the man for the woman it's not so bad they fake it's a different study but
they have to they have to meet in mommy group they have like online mommy groups and I think
somewhere in there some probably they were talking about that your asshole can prolapse
when you have a baby it probably triggers I mean probably every instinct possible regarding
anything dangerous that can ever happen I think that's safe enough to say that we see
that in bearers of our nation's children like they through the eyes of those of us that
are childless like it's pretty easy to recognize that having a child changes you and not in
ways that are fun for the childless because everything is becomes about like that's a
pretty sharp corner of a electrical outlet like that's right like and just beyond that
I mean because that's understandable definitely cover your electrical what brand of baby did
you have boy girl we had a boy a boy yeah brand we had a Costco boy yeah it's great
now it's wonderful but yeah you do go for you can't you have if you like watch an episode
of preppers and you will see peak that's what authentic doomsday preppers called doomsday
preppers preppers no you've seen the show preppers yeah we're on a last name basis with the act
of doomsday prepping that's how prepped we are like you have to abbreviate it because
yeah because this fucking doomsday is coming preppers like what else are you prepping for
a fucking salad no doomsday everyone's first course but it happened that's like you will
you can become a prepper if you have a baby pretty easily and you could see you could
see how it goes yeah you're just like how does your prepping like walk us through a new
father's prepping like what do you do well I can't break that or all in half and put
it in my pocket anymore I have to put it back in the bottle because the baby might reach
in with its little sausage fingers you can't have first of all thing is like if you in the
old days I was like a walking yeah you know I like wild animals pick up seeds in the forest
that's what I was with drugs just in my pockets like you know in your hair you're like oh fuck
take a bag of ketamine holy shit so you can't you know what I mean you can't do that you
can't have you can't have any there can be no so that your doomsday prepping for your
baby is just not having loose drugs hanging about the silo Simon out of your beard in
case it wants to kiss you you can't do it anymore so that's a pragmatic approach and
then and then you know what am I what am I gonna do fucking like build a arc or something
I could now I don't I don't have the discipline I'm to do that kind of thing you're gonna
have to build an arc but that's what someone told someone a long time ago and look what
happened you're not gonna have to build an arc trust me but name one other guy that had
to build an arc name one other person that had to build an arc you mean besides Noah
yeah name one other person well the unicorn as it turns out should have yeah damn didn't
the unicorn didn't he was wearing beautiful suits and having fun hosting shows and then
look what happened to him you know that song they didn't make you sing that song when you're
in grade school yeah the rats and bats and elephants and porpoises too and everybody
didn't give a fuck about the unicorn there's a song but I'm sad fucking traumatic song
for children that they taught me in my Milwaukee public school was like I was like oh god this
fucking song again like it takes you through the ballad of how the unicorn what once fucking
frolicked along with every other animal and then then this fucking biblical event happened
in the I guess I don't know if the unicorn was I don't know the unicorn was out fucking
around having a good old time and didn't get on the boat yeah is it was it Harry shaping
I don't think any animal deserves to not be on the arc did they not care about dinosaurs
well the don I mean no the problem was at that time the dinosaurs were they were I think
extinct we had our bones planted by the devil yeah the test us yeah the devil planted fucking
giant bones everywhere but the Bible talks about the Leviathan and the behemoth aren't
those like dinosaurs or so those are whales those are pouring both of them yeah well
they're extinct whale you're saying okay those are dinosaurs and they're extinct I thought
that those were the Bible talking about dinosaurs they're like check this out there's a brontosaurus
called behemoth the Bible talks there is no brontosaurus it's a made up dinosaur I think
it's real dinosaurs are made up what they're just you know it I know what oh you're gonna
do the agenda huh okay there was dinosaurs the whole planet was covered in lizards yeah
yeah that makes sense that's how I'd make a planet cover it in giant lizards sure you
know because we've seen them everywhere say when you were high and an atheist did you
hear the thing I heard there was a NPR thing a radio lab thing where they kind of updated
the model of what of the extinction event for dinosaurs and whereas we used to think
it was like meteor hits and cloud of dust goes up blocks out the sun plants die things
that eat the plants die things that eat the things that eat plants die it no it was a
fucking supersonic bullet from the great unknown that shot into the planet at somewhere around
the speed of sound or light and fucking like vaporized so much rock as it jetted into the
planet that the rock vapor filled the atmosphere immediately started cooling turned into a cloud
of tiny glass beads that got so hot as they started falling back to the earth that the
entire planet in the span of two hours got as hot as a pizza oven and every living thing
on earth died from having their blood boiling yeah and it does hold up because because it
is it would otherwise be weird it was some of the best pizza we ever had but definitely
you'd be dead before your blood boiled there's no way you know your blood doesn't you're
like oh god that's jingly I think my blood's boiling but what I still don't understand
those so okay then what because what we always learned is that oh the dinosaurs all die as
a meteor in the sky and I think and then the little the little marmoset comes out that
represents us you know and they show you the film at the museum and it's like that's us
like there's like a little a little thing with big eyes comes out of a log and it's like
what that thing don't act that thing don't got no boilable blood player I think they
said you know what they had adapted well they stayed underground underground because they
were giant lizards are gonna eat them so they learn to live like under the radar but I mean
all right well I don't look I mean it's worth the give it a google this isn't the podcast
to learn stuff I did think of you speaking to doomsday prepping though I think of you
for other reasons other than this but there is this there is it I don't know if you've
heard of this guy and now I can't remember his goddamn name so I can't ask you if you've
heard of him but I feel like maybe you'll remember his name if I describe what he was
a he was like a hacker guy that was like a genius and then he he got like sentenced to
some stuff for hacking early in his life but then he like they let him off because he was
like just a bright kid and they're like don't waste his life let him let him be smart with
computers and maybe he'll now that he's learned his lesson and he like was an early bitcoin
adopter and then he like invested all his bitcoin money into like the style he was just so he
was just like super rich and super autonomous and super smart and then he got really really
paranoid and he uh he was he he he got a house and he dug tunnels under the house that were
going in every direction all under the his entire neighborhood underneath all his neighbors
houses which I always I was like you could just do that fuck I want that's all I've ever
wanted to do is minecraft underneath everybody and just be like like like like I mean I wouldn't
like eavesdrop on you or anything I'd just be like under your house and I'd be like happy
and you'd be happy because you'd be like I love showering and I'd be like I love dirt
and every once in a while I'd I'd grab the pipes like chunking the goonies and chunk
you know what's his name sloth and go like like that and then I'd hear the calamity above
me that would be so fucking weird but the guy and you under someone's house like it's
like Harmony Burra down there he's got but the guy was totally prepping for doomsday
that's why I was digging these tunnels and he was so any but he had some plan that involved
like app development or something and he hired this kid to work for him and he was so dedicated
to no one knowing about his tunnels because what good is a network of tunnels under your
house if anybody knows about him except for all the people he hired to dig them and let
just leave after they were like these are gonna cave in pretty soon bye and he didn't
do anything about them but he this kid that he hired to write his mysterious doomsday software
he put he did this whole thing where he picked him up from an airport he put like a crazy
like Silicon Valley version of a blindfold on him drove him around for three hours took
him to the fucking tunnels gave him a bucket an Xbox and a laptop and said you're gonna
work down here why can't he work at a hotel I don't know I guess he didn't want to literally
know what city he was in maybe I don't know but he didn't dig a hotel he can't dig a
hotel I mean he tried to disastrous results because then like at some point a fire happened
down there I mean the guy had no he was a hoarder and he was you know he was very very paranoid
about the government you know knowing everything he was doing not not that paranoia doesn't
typically apply to like also this is a fire hazard and so he just had stacks of newspapers
and magazines and things and and had this kid living down in his spider dungeon while
he lived upstairs and then the kid texted him like I smell smoke and it might be an electrical
fire and he was like all right then I'll turn off all the lights down there and and then
and then like so then that guy was down there walking through a maze of hoarded newspapers
and burning walls and he probably passed out from smoke inhalation and died one of the
most horrible deaths you can do and the the the guy made it out into the lawn and was
like I think someone's in there in the fire department was like holy shit there's a fucking
prairie dog city under your house fuck anyways do you remember do you know that guy's name
Michael Stipe Daryl Clunt I was close no it's it's it's like Eric DeWitt or something
no man I don't know that guy's name it just seemed like the kind of guy like like that
maybe you're you know you're you're you're you're your congregation and my congregation
they they have a joyful overlap I like to think and then like I but then there's like there's
stuff that your congregation probably thinks about more than than my perception of mine
and I thought that might be one of them that that if a guy was like who was convinced that
the world was ending so much that he dug all these tunnels and then accidentally killed
a dude I thought maybe that was well you know man to what I think when I see these fucking
preppers is why do you want like they want to stay alive after everything ends yeah like
while things are happening they're not that into it they want right you know what I'm
saying so it's like that you look at the life of this subterranean I know I know I know
why why because I'm from Wisconsin that's not why I that's why I know why yeah because
I that's something that I'm coping with in therapy is this insidious compulsive fear
of being a schmuck of being the the the the the mark the rub okay there's so much emphasis
in the Midwest on how you those people in California New York they're crazy they're pretentious
they're delusional they don't understand that you're supposed to have winter for 10 months
and that your car doors was to freeze broken they're not practical people we're practical
people and if you're ever should you ever be caught off guard by your taxes or your medical
payments or anything like that it's like there's a bigger fear of that and I'm only using my
eye statements I'm not if you're from Milwaukee and you're like fuck you I'm fucking cool
but I do think it's like a cultural thing like in the more in the less coastal thing
where you're like I I I I I I'm more afraid of being anyone's sucker than I am afraid
of not living a fun life okay so so like that it's like you that you you can live to 75
in a freezing tundra thumbing your chin that's a Midwestern thing if you do it with your
nose it might break off the the you you can you can die happy going like these yeah but
at least I didn't go to California where those people are crazy they talk to their own hair
they're crazy like like and and so I that's that's I'm not saying this guy's from the
Midwest I'm saying doomsday prepping I totally get it because I when I think about it I get
I'm like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah because my biggest nightmare about about turning on
the TV and and and have it have it's gonna well it happened the thing that you've been
thinking might have happened for 40 years because it's like one of many things that might happen
would happen and I don't have the fucking bag of shit I could have bought yeah for 40 years
I'm just gonna be like oh I lost at life yeah when really that's not how you lose it life
you lose it life by living after the apocalypse yeah by living in a shit tunnel with a bunch
of newspapers and smoke and you'd climb out and why it's a it seems like the entire phenomena
is really really tragic not just because the preppers kids like God may you never be born
to a family of preppers it's the fact that those people should what they say is gonna
happen happens that's the those are the going to be the people who create the next human
race well I mean that and that resonates with like our our model of like Australia and America
like we we often refer to that as if there's like maybe a oh you know you know why Americans
are obsessed with tits and guns is because it's part of our like genetic socio psychological
like thing that we were like where we run from things and panic more easily because back
in the day when traveling the Atlantic was 70% lethal yeah like it actually created a
filter of the kind of people that had children from which people are descended and actually
it's the some people will make the argument that like Australians and Americans are like
we're different like in our psychology in our culture because it's like we're descended
from from crazy people oh you mean like yeah like we have some kind of like genetic survival
weirdness or paranoia I think paranoia is like probably the better way to talk about
it yeah well for sure I mean definitely paranoia I mean in anger a lot of it a lot of anger
I mean the country's been at war for what is it 93% of its history now 94% of its history
hours yeah I think it's 93% someone out there probably knows 93% 94% of our history been
at war now they're finding out trauma gets encoded in your DNA there's epigenetic trauma
so even if you didn't go to war if like your grandfather went to war and he did hello there
you go hey yeah great so it gets stuck in you yeah good job well that's cool because
I didn't really talk to my grandpa's as much as I should have given that they fought Nazis
well you basically did with your genes yeah now I can be like you know it's a hard it's
a hard war yeah I'm gonna go out back and take a photo of me smoking a cigarette on
a tank yeah I always feel like the doomsday preppers are the worst off because it's not
like I guess there's some of them who do it secretly but like if anyone knows you're
a doomsday prepper that's the first place I'm gonna fucking go to it's like you probably
want to like if someone has like a crazy house full of water it's like I'm gonna go shoot
that place up you're not gonna do that you're not gonna shoot up a place I'm just thinking
of like the masses that are that are looking for in haven't I'm gonna go straight to dance
place I might yeah me too that's my damn when it all falls to shit I'm going straight
to dance place because he has a gun he doesn't know how to work he's got all the water he's
got he's got all the water he'll he'll point a gun that's not the safety on he doesn't
know how that fucking thing happens and I'll just go movie hey look I live here now and
we're gonna have and then I'm gonna take your gun I'm gonna show you how to work it oh and
then kill you that kind of shit what a roller coaster ride yeah I went into a when I when
we were shooting this show when I'm shooting the show Joe Rogan called Joe Rogan questions
everything we were like it was a very funny show because he because he never questioned
Joe Rogan admit it knows like we both went into the show I know I did we both went into
the show with a kind of like I really thought maybe we're gonna fucking find something I
remember you telling me about this because you and I like seems like a different world
but we were briefly talking about like developing a thing yeah yeah yeah that's right like where
you go and you were like I just did that and it's like it didn't well it was it was because
if you want to treat you Art Bell does it really in a perfect way or he did in a perfect
way wait did he died right unfortunately Art Bell passed yeah anyway he did he like would
just let people talk about the story he doesn't question it whereas like Rogan over the course
of the series began to realize like oh yeah when it's not of course it's not it's not
out there we're just meet we're meeting with people who are like saying they have alien
seeds and planted in them and stuff and but anyway we ended up in a underground subterranean
limestone cave I ended up there metaphorically no creatively yeah that too but called reality
telling yeah but it was a kid it was like an as a limestone gave the government had used
a store shit and then this guy bought it and he was renting out space where you could park
your RV down there and you realize like once the doors shut right the blast doors shut
and it locks that guy becomes yeah king I saw a thing you remember you telling me about
that is like let's try they put a tricycle out there because they like worries of it
it's like oh the future of tomorrow thing and it's like oh god no like Lord the playground
that underground yeah like remind me that I'll be coming in with a child when there's
no law and I'm still who I am that's right and can't do a sit-up much less stand up
to the guy who had the foresight and biceps to dig a hole I'm living in now that's right
here's my toddler take care of her I'm gonna go hunt for frozen pizza yeah I hope nothing
untoward happens as you create a new society with my mosquito coast the anyways the mosquito
coast you gotta watch that movie it's amazing I think it's actually really relevant now
and it's Harrison Ford so you can be into it that's before he was so sleepy like he
was still he still was like looking forward to stuff like you could tell he was like I
don't know maybe I'll be King Lear I don't know it was before that point where he was
like I can't everyone gets mad when I complain he crashed a plane on a golf course and brilliantly
it was all doctors were golfing that day and he crashed a plane and it was just a bunch
of off-duty doctors that saw to Han Solo that's fucking there there was a there I clicked
on this YouTube video that was a tour of like something like it was like the headline was
like take a tour of the world's most expensive bomb shelters or something something caught
my attention it was like I don't think I'm the most expensive or they just named the
price like for $1 billion you could live here after the apocalypse or something and it was
like an abandoned military missile silo so make sense you're like oh wow cool where do
you want to be in the event of something horrible oh a re decommissioned place where they actually
thought people were gonna be sitting and pushing the buttons that was nucleating the world
like like probably a good place to start with your little Lord of the Flies fantasy
the best Airbnb but it was so it was it was like the whole thing was like the intro of
it the description of it was sort of like this is for rich people this is for rich people
and it was like it was so depressing it was almost therapeutic because you're like yeah
it like richness in the apocalypse is going to buy you literally the right maybe kind
of to pull up to the entertainment weekly party of having been promised that your billion
dollars is still worth anything yeah what's the currency at that point what is gold worth
I swear to you I was like I when I thought about the day of like say you own you have
because it's like a timeshare thing or like I want to not timeshare but like a condo kind
of thing where you own a segment of this vast underground place and it was impressive in
terms of its like I ability to keep people rich people alive for 100 years I'm it but
it was a it really opened your eyes to like oh my god if your only goal is to live and
you spend all of your money on that goal it's it really looked like hell when you thought
about you're looking at the place like we have and here's our wine cellar or like you
know they would and it was like yeah but it's not you can't buy like making an underground
thing and feel like freedom which is not wild and and and then and you just kept imagine
I kept while I was watching the video and I just kept imagining like we can't have an
election without tearing each other's throats out we can't we can't have a 12 12 angry men
can't decide on a on a verdict yeah without fucking drama happening I life every life
raft has a movie about how we're really just animals as it's subject like we can't I can't
imagine voluntarily getting in my station wagon because the mushroom claws are happening
or the gas got released and I'm like I got my kids that I'm in charge of protecting
and my left one and I'm like let's drive to the to the place where the doomsday preppers
are in charge and meanwhile people in a weird way do that every day they get in their fucking
cars and they drive to the to the we are kind of in a doomsday prepper situation only we're
not underground with the rich people yet we're above ground with the rich people and we're
like trusting that everything's gonna gonna be fine even though it's clearly like people
can I have a friend she can't get her insulin anymore like she just can't get medicine she
has to drive to some place to get the medicines very expensive and already it's where that
thing where you're like well what is worth anything it's like well one of the creepiest
things I have many ever many creepy things about the hot super extreme wealthy but one
of the creepy things was money doesn't mean anything to them anymore because they do favors
for each other because who fucking needs money when you have billions of dollars all you
can do is favors so their currency is a currency of favors and we're the ones who are like
still into money and stuff like that and we're the ones who are hanging our coats on their
benevolence with this crazy idea that it's when everything becomes automated they're
gonna treat us great we'll be fine the people have all the money they love us they'll be
great to us because we're humans and you know they care about humans see how they treat
when the money you paid for the right to bring your biologically viable family into a rabbit
burrow that was dug by a bitcoin investor yeah when the money that you paid him for
the right to a condo in his abandoned missus silo is now officially not worth anything yeah
I'm sure he's gonna be real tactful at the next dinner party like about your wife's
deck deck deck a deck a deck a tillage but like like like the off-color comments that
people make up like like when it's like oh I like I was kind of tacky to say to my girlfriend
as like well wait a minute by tacky do you mean hey you could get beaten up by for that
by the police that I pay for with all of my money in a world where if that doesn't happen
everything's going wrong and like like that it's just like the idea of like being in an
actual situation where it's nothing but fucking just primate rules I'm like I think I would
eat a bullet before we are in that like they like the that's what we're in yeah yeah like
the road the road do you see the road the movie the road yeah it's one of my favorites they
just have like like it's almost like a Brechtian because they don't even bother to try to convince
you anything other than it's just read out the windows and he's having this conversation
with his wife about like which bullets to use with the road I've only read the book
it's a film about that yeah how do you make a movie about that it's just about wandering
and being like well it's just a lot of coughing you just fucking cough blood into a handkerchief
and your kid gets increasingly pale and then I would rather be the guy with the shopping
cart with his son wandering the desolate like wastelands and I'll collide just bullshit
than be the rich people underground I'd rather just take my chances and be mad max yeah that's
what's fun about it not not having a bunker yeah but here's what let's make the apocalypse
fun you guys yeah I think I think what both kind of saying is that is that the rich people
thinking that being underground is going to make it not the shopping cart experience are
so diluted and wasting so much of their energy right now not just because you can grab a shopping
cart from Target right now put it in your backyard and be as prepared for what happens
the day humanity loses accountability as Elon Musk in a fucking Tokyo coffin life at the
core of the earth like who anyone around there is just going to be like he's not looking
he's got a Snickers in his pocket box cutter I think like maybe the first page of the road
by Cormac McCarthy it says like it's a father and a son and I think it might be page one
says each was his other world entire like that that right there is the whole book is
like the idea that if you have somebody that you care for that's that's tragedy the back
story was that the matriarch like she had she had opted out right yeah she just walked
the way she killed herself was she just walked out into it and you were just so certain to
die that she just walked in some direction did she do it to save a bullet no I think
she just gave up she was just sort of like what's the point why are you it's just so
fucking like I it's because it used to be a fun thing to think about and it's like I can't
be scientifically certain whether oh it's not fun to talk about because of our changing
times I could easily also another thing that changes I get older and older I get more and
more I get more and more in love I more and more my hell becomes the idea of of Cody being
hurt so I mean that so I that's that line the first line each was his other world entire
like that the idea that if you care for anything in an apocalypse that's instant tragedy that's
why Spencer is always never he's never been as enthusiastic about my post election very
enthusiastic like oh yeah prepping because you're basically I don't make twine you know
it'll be great yeah making fishing traps but Spencer kind of like fish wait wait what you
know you like you'd use so I've seen these YouTube videos on Facebook I guess they're
Facebook videos you put some you put some pipes in the water and the fish go through
and then you got plenty of fish to eat we had we had a slack channel what kind of we
were using slack to coordinate a secret survivalist colony yeah it was called that babification
and something Spencer at one point kind of like it was like his his is a he's more capable
than any of us like we're like relying on like well Spencer you should learn about ham
radio and you should spend it's like we're all relying on Spencer and then it was like
and Spencer like yeah okay yeah and like I think maybe Cody or somebody probably was
like hey Spencer you are you are you not into this you don't believe in this in this plan
or that plan or you don't agree the thing and you because you were asked a direct question
you answered directly and said I love those you're like well you know I just think when
the shit hits the fan my chances of survival are going to be a lot higher by myself yeah
no that's I truly think I mean that's what all the apocalypse stuff is about it's like
you join a group and then politics happens and suddenly your head's on a spike it's
like I want to just be hiding in the woods catching my fishing pipes get a shopping
cart to try to leave the kid out of it if you can but I think it's funny that we all think
the world ends in a way we need that we're going to be able to go into a subterranean
tunnel I know it isn't a cute that's cute because the it's just going to be some weird
nanogoo that we're going to be in the middle that's going to be like try to get away there's
going to be a nuke aimed to LA and we're going to all just be stuck in traffic I don't think
it's that I think it's going to be what's happening what's happening right now is it's
going to be one one potential way it could end is progressive layers of absurdity that
drive everyone completely insane and that starts off with this like taking you animating
you with an AI and then that AI becomes like a thousand times funnier than you right and
then it starts making its own YouTube videos but then it has an AI that's making its own
YouTube videos and the first you becomes completely irrelevant so you have to deal with this kind
of like my friend calls it a skits off apocalypse where everything just shatters and we all kind
of end up being like lost in this tiny little sentient particles and some kind of technological
kaleidoscope where we've been completely irrelevant ties by AI and then there's no by the time
you get in the tunnel you're like I don't even know if I'm me or and a version of me
that's in a tunnel and then that's I think kind of I think that's what's happening now
why everybody's fuses are blowing and shit right now is because you know their faces
are buried in the phone which by the way that's another thing when you're a parent you they
keep saying like screen time is really bad for children and at the age it's bad for them
keeps going up and up and up and you're like it doesn't stop being bad for you it's bad
for you all the way through keep your kid off of a screen until they're 28 years old
well yeah we're gonna all raise a generation of powders I mean I'm 45 but if I don't crush
the candy who's gonna crush the candy I don't know it's one of the big questions right now
I've been sent here I believe I've been sent here to crush candy you gotta do it someone
has to I think it's right but what you're I think is it's notable that the phenomenon
that you're describing can be seen in an atomic level with with just our general stupidity
the fact that like and I am I'm included in this I'll be sitting at a bar and I and everyone
at the bar that's arguing about some David Hasselhoff reference or what year this happened
or how much money this is everyone all again we just we would rather sit and argue sometimes
some bars have rules they go like you know what the tradition of the bar argument about
the cliff clavin bullshit is so rich and important that the first person that looks at their
phone is an as a traitor to the bar crawling race but it also just happens organically
and not just in bars where it's like look at what we're look at what we would rather
do with our technology and I really don't mean this like in the snobby sense I if anything
I'm kind of like let's really look at the fact that we were we misled ourselves in the
50s and 60s when we started like splitting the atom and writing sci-fi the things about
our brains getting bigger from vitamin dinners and like like to think that we really believe
that that the smarter we're able to get the smarter we're gonna want to get the more information
available to you like even in high school we were like man if this teacher would just
let me use this calculator and then the next year I was like oh you can use your calculator
now because they're everywhere and that's part of the test it's like all right well
now I don't know just take my seat it's that it but what you wanted to do is cheat on the
test with a calculator and then once it all in one day this information is all available
to us we're walking around with an entire movie studio and encyclopedia of all of the
earth's good like knowledge in our pockets and what we use the device for me included is we we go to
social media gatherings and we go hey faggot hey homophobe hey fuck you faggot yeah homophobe
like and we just do it and then and then we'll like cut and paste stuff every once in a while
we'll like bother to google something ago yeah well 20 percent of the you're wrong and it's
like we we we don't want to know we don't want to be gods we don't want to be calm we don't
want to be like like we actively so what you that's like in terms of what you're saying
like that day that that Elon just launched his fucking neuro fiber thing whatever the hell
it's like it's gonna he's like okay so the threads are very small and that's my impression of
him i just is that something that happened or is that hypothetical no he didn't like what's
neuro fiber he did a launch for the it's a it's not it's called a neural link it's like
it's for your brain to compute on yep great it's an interface device that was after that was
after you put a convertible car in space that after he took yeah and as you guys mocked him i kept
saying um anyways but like put a fucking convertible in space best midlife crisis ever man yeah no
shit fucking coolest midlife is any more like apropos metaphor for a male midlife crisis
than being rich and putting a fucking car dude you know it's going to be badass when like in
thousands of years some like happy little alien society is like hanging out and like the car
just smashes through their alien driveway like what the fuck it's like blasted some music it's
got like a mannequin inside no but like the aliens are going to find the car and the aliens that
find the car are going to have listened to their elons and they're going to be like look it's a
car i bet they had an elon and they're gonna be like look at this cool car no there's going to be
like a there's going to be like he's my friend it'll be like if aliens came to earth and they'll
be like there's something inside and it's like oh that's just a mannequin but it'll take like
two weeks for them to find that out it'll be like a global incident for these because the
universe will be awesome because mathematically the universe is probably infinite uh there's
going to be a chance that elon must stupid convertible car it's going to run into another
like species car or like yeah i just explained how that would happen there's going to be a
little oh there elon a little a little smash up which is all the more reason to launch all your
garbage cars big so that that accident is between two shitty cars that no one cares about instead
of a bus full of space nuns you've created space nuns you know the mathematical certainty
of douche bags and space like it's going to be as a hero you're not you're not friends with them
you met him we can we circle back to this at least three times at least three times i've met him
that's a friendship he doesn't give a he loves him it's a bromance classic bromance classic
bromance classic bromance terrific terrific i'm glad you're happy for the classic romance he put a
fucking convertible in space that's jealous you're jealous no it's stupid it's science you know what
they say that mannequins made of what water balloons filled with his jizz i was close
not i think that sounds cool now that's true now i'm back on board now i'm back on board
also uh so the car from the alien species that smashes into him it's going to be a fucked up
mess yeah but that's but i guess jizz would freeze in the vacuum of space eventually sperma sperman
or so is going to freeze and die instantly unless he knows something we don't know that he's going
to crash his car into a uterus like a space uterus it will be yeah that's what he's gonna do man can
we circle back to the insulin conversation oh jeez it was getting so heavy and awful i mean i'd
rather talk about the musk balloons i just like because musk the musk balloons just because like
because insulin costs a million dollars right do you know how much a balloon of you on musk's
come costs i'm just saying a lot more than insulin man but it only costs like two dollars to make
insulin so that's called like a niche in the let's go hole in the market like we could sell six
dollar insulin and be fucking rich right yeah and why can't we do that we just by eating a candy bar
i know we got to look that's what i've been saying no but seriously like i don't unless like
there must be some sort of what do you call it like mob like medicine mob that's preventing
people from doing this right because like they are literally they're charging hundreds and
thousands of dollars for something that only costs a couple dollars to to make there's anyone
should be able to do that it reminds me of a cold open of the golden girls i just watched where
sophia comes in and she's carrying like three bottles of plastic bottles of water and she goes
here taste this taste this and they all taste the water they go how does it taste i don't know it's
like it tastes like the water is like is it good yeah yeah it's good it was like well then we're
going to be rich because i just got out of the hosin back thank you for being a fan travel
have a roundabout again you're up to handy person and you're also a confidant guess it would have
taken too long to rhyme that and if you had a party and everybody was there there'd be
a big box from me and it'd be bigger than everyone's box so when you open it up there'd be a smaller
box all right because i'm demon lindelof all right now do and the note would say now do
uh perfect strangers wait was oh standing strong with my stranger and friend all day long this
friendship doesn't have an end rain and thunder strangers in rain it's a new stranger day yeah
because it's my life my dreams nothing's going to stop me now well never free free free now
now do uh uh mash oh my god my wrists are bleeding
don't go there man if that that bums you guys out you definitely shouldn't watch mash it's a really
dark a lot of a lot of korean war events or the gods and i how about uh wait i have a
mash can i do can i do a mash trivia about yeah please his kid wrote it do you know that
like an 11 year old wrote uh suicide is 11 sounds like i don't have a son wrote it i picture it was
like 19 and it's like get a job 11 year old because if you listen to the lyrics they're
awful they're like they make no suicide what are you doing down here i'm robert altman what are
you doing you're fucking around on a guitar you're a musician well then do something with it what do
you want me to do i don't know i don't fucking know robert help your son you can't yell at him
give him a chance he's robert altman's son all right look uh i'm making this movie about a war
put a theme song on my desk by eight a.m and maybe i'll use it fucking theme song stupid
it fucking i wish i was dead fucking suicide wouldn't hurt that much might as well fucking
stick your dick in a river and everything's full of shit there this is pretty good
what the fuck here's your emmy here's your here's your retirement package what are you gonna do now
might as well stick your dick in a river that's i mean that sums up the korean crisis so well
well that happens you know people they don't judge the speed of water you know because water can
look really really peaceful you stick your dick in it suck down like you see the videos where the
people get pulled into the la river doing that all the time yeah all right dan uh speed round different
strokes well a man can't move tell he gets a different stroke when he comes to you you better
take a poke there's a man that's born he's a man of means then along come to they got nothing but
the jeans but they got different strokes they got different strokes they got different strokes
from the world you know who wrote that theme are you genisist who alan thick really alan thick
was it wrote the jingles and themes all right now do uh growing pants uh you know alan thick was
the last time i grew with you sorry i didn't mean to sorry i didn't mean to cut you off uh
here's a little trivia fact about alan thick he's a eugenicist i've heard he's uh which is why
the different shows they've got nothing but their jeans yeah well i always say i always
really it's everywhere guys lyric to be everywhere a man is born he's a man of means then along come
to they got nothing but their jeans yeah i'm sorry it's in the late great alan thick who i believe
has passed uh originally was they've got nothing but their dna originally it was they got nothing
but perfect bumps on their heads yep for knowledge right oh yeah the 1800s yeah that was like a whole
thing it's an alan come to they have nothing but the uh capacity for a certain amount of small
lead balls to fill their skull uh post one of them yeah it was that's cool yeah i wonder how
we let balls small wonder school small wonder go she doesn't want you to worry about much at all
in this life she's a robot dressed like a weird anachronistic school girl and talks in a high
pitched monotone did we cast her for her charisma or did we do the opposite it was sold in syndications
and no one had a chance to realize how disturbing it was to watch before they ordered 100 episodes
she's a small wonder and she'll say weird shit you can repeat small wonder that's the only part i
remember is actually she's a small wonder and she'll make your dreams come true is she making
it happen that i don't know what about our night court theme night court days in the night court
aren't much fun god damn it days in the courtroom uh days in the courtroom
aren't much fun come to the night court everyone
your frowns on trial approach my smile i sentence you to stay a while night court
that is a diamond that's a lot better sorry than along come to you they got nothing but their
jeans uh i guess someone had to be home by three what the fuck just go back maybe a man of means
isn't the fucking right where to like like just change your lyrics alan thick sorry i know you're
dead your frowns on trial approach my smile i sentence you to stay a while it's a half hour
it's a half hour we didn't get paid anything to write that alan thick probably bought a house
with his different strokes lyrics money and their shitty lyrics it's a catchy song it was blared
over loudspeakers into the proletariat's brain for eight years so we can't really actually know
if it's a good song or not if alan thick had to have a sound cloud account then we'd know what
he's really made of oh that's scary yeah hey everybody it's alan thick i'm coming at you on
the sound cloud i don't know how sound cloud works do you yeah do you do a sound cloud id
hey everybody it's it's dwayne sound cloud coming at you uh partly cloudy chance of sound
uh here's my latest uh experiment with uh garage bed uh oh wake up wake up wake up wake
up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up boop doop doop doop doop doop his name is dwayne
you don't have a sound cloud that's i got no sound cloud that's not cool i got no sound cloud i
ain't got no sound cloud let me tell you what day sound comes in a cloud for real god turns his back
on this country and i'll tell you what else uh they tell me they tell me uh oh sir inside here her
name is alexandria castillo cortez i'm sorry i was just like hooked on that thing where he like
did you see that clip or are you all right whatever i'm not dragging i don't know what you mean the
president the nazi president he had this rally a actual nazi rally in the middle of the country and
was like hey what about these chicks that are like from different places with their cheekbones and
everyone was like fuck that bird with the stake and he was like i love it and it was like it was
fucking insane because it crossed a huge threshold the people i'm i know everyone understands that
it's fucking like more insanity but do you really understand the threshold that we really crossed
because pre when previous to this anytime anybody was like trying to like be an apologist for this
openly fascist slide we're taking the way that they would apologize for it would be to go um hey uh
i work i have a friend who worked for the clintons and then you have no idea man they were no better
are they going hey what was obama's thing or any better and it'd be like all these things that
it's like okay i like that was the bent of it was like hey it's uh it looks like a little bit like a
fascist coup but uh but what do you mean that last thing wasn't fascism come on obama had those
drones um and this was like an actual crossing of a threshold where he was like these elected officials
in my country that i won an election in that i have no reason to do anything about unless of
course the actual structure of the way things work and maybe it doesn't work for me that good
these ladies represent this thing and they were like invalidate them make them not citizens
take make them go away and he was like worse than i'm gonna say it healer would have been like yeah
yeah yeah and he was like i love it like he's just lazy and cowardly about it and then two
yeah it was like the the the cowardice is the fucking worst part of it there's i forgive the
americans in the audience who got caught up in a thing look i this podcast has been around long
enough that we we could draw the parallels we were in chicago and a dear friend of mine who
remains a friend of mine to this day i like like said the n-word because i asked him not to say
the n-word so he thought it'd be a funny joke to say the n-word and in response to him saying it
maybe due to some fucking zeitgeist of energy about people being afraid of their freedom of
speech being turned the crowd of people in a name for theater burst into applause for the n-word
i don't i don't i doubt all of those people were racist and i don't think i'm better than them and
i don't think anybody's worse crowds are allowed to act like fucking animals that's what they do
like it is a fucking horrible unamerican thing to incite that energy and then do nothing nothing
at all it would be more american to fucking own it and go like yeah you heard me because then at
least you could be like oh yeah he he was caught up in it too he was a little bit american he's a
fucking lazy napping child having a dream about eating his own shit and like the only thing more
dangerous than anything is anything with a loaded gun that doesn't know it's loaded like he's so
fucking dumb and cowardly and lazy that he's going to destroy us all anyways so i i just hear you know to
add to that if you want like something that really creeped me out uh as i watched one of
nancy polosis gets put out this awesome documentary about going on the press tour with george w bush
it is really good and it's like all these jaded reporters and they're cool though and they're
just like he's full of shit he's full of shit and then like they're filming george w bush and you
see man he is so charismatic like he is so incredibly weirdly charismatic that in a weird way he's
like it's like i'm watching it like holy shit man that is some crazy magic he's doing he's like
you know he's like just winning everyone over everyone's getting won over by this like incredible
weird texas illuminani charisma thing that's like radiating out of him you don't want to like him
you know see i don't know how many people he ended up killing or being part of killing but
i don't know this civilian casualties what a hundred thousand in iraq or something but like
he's like you know just he's like uh yeah see these boots these are they go up here you know
because uh snakebots they're pretty bad i'm gonna kill i'm gonna kill a hundred thousand people
and it's like you know it's like whoa he's but at the end of this press tour he says this thing
to the reporters he's like you know i don't appreciate a lot of what what you said about me
in the press but i i respect all of you's people and i was like i i was like that that's gone that
used to be that used to be part of the fucking i mean i guess we've become our dads maybe because
now i can't tell the difference between like like oh old people get old and then they go you know
what you used to call boring stodgy stuff now and then you just start deciding well that's
across the line but i don't i don't think that's the case i believe we're in a constitutional
crisis because i believe the previous to this the the fucking left and right margins contained
um uh things like the the the the right for a fucking free press and an actual need for them
like there was this tradition and it was actually part of what disillusioned us i think is because
it felt rhetorical because well if you really believe that then why are you why are you acting
the way you act why are you bombing this country and then sitting at this correspondence dinner
and saying uh uh to quote uh jfk uh the the press is right to to defy me it was more about you
know it's it was also rhetorical feeling and it was like oh this all means nothing and i think
that's part of the excitement when someone goes you know what is it me or is all of this just a
bunch of poopy doopies and and everyone's like poopy doopies and they're like like let's see if
it is let's find out if it's poopy doopies and then the and then everyone's like it's not poopy
doopies you will report to detention once and then i'm like what if we didn't ah poopy doopies
and it's a fucking crisis because it turns out ain't no reason it ain't poopy doopies or
and there ain't nothing to make anyone go to detention and it was actually we were we were
actually being held together with the fucking weird compulsion for rule of law yeah well you know
that creepy thing in the home and there's that great movie funny games where you know what i'm
talking about the original or the ream the american i i thought you were getting game game night wrong
no no no i thought you were like my parents are like what a movie is funny games is awesome
home and it's about these two kids show up and they're weird in there they're causing problems
oh that oh god that's it yes it's solid but you don't want to believe it you don't want to believe
that you're getting home invaded so you're kind of like okay okay well maybe you guys are just a
little off and by the time you're like tied up with your husband whose knee is being broken
and then and then you know you realize like oh fuck i got home invaded like this is really
happening yeah and then you're supposed to spend the rest of your short life as you're being dumped
into a pond with a cement block tied your neck you're supposed to sit there and wonder your dying
thought is should i have clubbed a random child in the head as soon as he showed up on my porch i
guess i should have been really very hateful and mistrustful that was my big mistake was trusting
people oh gosh darn me i guess that's why i'm dying a horrible death like that's the horrible thing
about evil is the way it spreads is like really should have it's like i'm not touching you i'm not
touching you you're like anybody that's like been in a car with kids knows like that antagonism has
its own sentience even the it's like like are you getting mad are you getting mad because
there's no wrong answer to that question you're either gonna let me keep fucking with you or
you're gonna blow your stack and prove that i should have been fucking with you well cowardice
you can't be like p it's not some people i think confuse their their their their cowardice of benevolence
and it's it's not you're not benevolent you're just afraid and usually the the situation is when
you're afraid to just cause for a confrontation like they're saying now people watched epstein
flying all these underage kids to his island way after he got convicted there's a ruin you know
news report like the people like i we kept seeing him with these kids and it seemed really bad nothing
happened they didn't they they're they're something i think in a in a person in general gets feel so
little sometimes are so insignificant that you don't want to fight back and so that's we know what
fosters all of the horrible shit that's happening is like in these closed systems where your job's
at stake you keep a secret and then you're there's blasphemy that can happen in the sense that if you
say the thing about the person who's supposed to be okay it could destroy oh my god it could destroy
the business the family a you know a religion or whatever right so a sensible person does nothing
but yeah that's what i'm saying yeah i'm not being ironic saying that it's like a sensible person
does less than a less reasonable person well you are saying antagonism has like its own
sentience or spirit in the same way this level of i think um turning your back on a thing even
though it's clearly happening right in front of you it has its own spirit too and and and when
you when you realize that there's people who literally thrive on that reality and not not
exploit it i mean this is like a con artistry is find a person you know they want to be nice
that's the first mark against them is like oh shit they're just afraid and they think they're
good people so i'm going to come to them i'm going to like hypnotize them get them invested
in whatever my bullshit is and then i'm just going to you know turn them into my slaves humiliate
them take everything from them and then by the time i'm done they're going to pretend it didn't
happen because they they're from the midwest or whatever you said they didn't want to be
rubes so they're going to ignore that they even got fucked with and then that's what produces
the situation i think where people that take over a cool party by doing a bunch of crazy
fucking shit they had nothing to lose they were not the cool person at the party so kicking over
an ashtray jumping off the roof in your underwear into the pool like it causing the cops to get
called like it didn't those people they don't take risks they only enter win-win situations
they they flow to the lowest point of of of human pathway where they're like well actually
that was like when when when this shit bag was was was running he was constantly blowing that
horn because he would go i don't think i'm gonna win because probably everyone else is cheating
but if i do win it's because i'm awesome and it was like like oh are you sure you don't want to
cover a couple more bases you fucking three-year-old like really you don't want to stick your neck out
a little bit like as much as you did when you tried to sentence five black kids to die in the
fucking whatever man all right i'm done i'm done i'm done i'm done i mean it's not like we all know
the fight it's like like he's going to win again i'm trying yeah yeah we don't have to we don't
have to bump people out with that i and i didn't i was like he was gonna win the first time he's
going to win the second time there's no fucking reason to doubt that there's no fucking reason
this stuff is only valuable to us in as much as it causes us to have conversations that you know
i i obviously you guys have more than enough people talking to you about everything that's
going on and like i i'm not the person it's not that's why i've been more and more quiet about
politics with every passing episode because it's like i'm not helping by talking about it and
i had a driver in canada in canada in saskatchewan which is like like the oklahoma of canada
uh it's it's very rural it's very like red steady like if you know like that's the comparison to
like like it's they hate justin trudeau our driver nice guy funny guy he said yeah he said i want
to shoot him shoot trudeau yeah and i said well you sound like you're from texas he goes yeah but
in texas they let us they would let you have guns like like they hate justin trudeau because he's
he's the he's the liberal smart guy that speaks three languages and is charming uh like like
it's fucking nasty everywhere you go and the idea that you don't think that trump will win again is
crazy well you know uh i think you're probably right um and i'm sorry were you about to make
another no no no the end uh we're all going to watch trump get a fucking second term because
there's no reason to assume otherwise but that's a but i don't want to let you go on that but but
like that's all but you can say that in a positive way like like like like we we we we all get to
vote our conscience this time around like we don't have to like like let's not get sucked into the
game of like uh made possibly like yelling at our friends about like well you know if you don't vote
for a fucking generic uh johnson then we have no chance of winning it's like it might be an invitation
to for people to explore new ways of thinking but yeah that's what you're saying that's what i like uh
umma thurman's dad a lot of people don't here we go robert no i'm glad we finally got on this
to get to the conversations that that's what i took us an hour and a half when we finally made
it his there are dads like this really amazing buddhist scholar named robert thurman and he's
like best friends with the dalai lama and he's written a lot of great books on uh buddhism and
politics and buddhism and activism because people don't realize that the two go hand in hand but
but i was so i love that he named his kid umma because he's so buddhist his kids named him robert
he became a buddhist and his daughter umma actor well he his he was saying that we can't get cynical
like uh it right now is the perfect time to get super cynical and if you get super cynical you're
gonna get shut down if you get shut down that's exactly where they want you because they want
cynical pessimistic shut down people who get so glumified by the current political system
that no one votes you just give up and not just vote in the in the big elections but just vote in
local elections and get really involved in in your community because you can pass stuff
at the state level that creates at least many force fields to in some way or another i mean if
that shit's not more important than the fucking dumb reality show at the top then we wouldn't be
alive right now and the guy at the top wouldn't be focusing his fucking nuclear dipshitness on
local representatives of fucking neighborhoods where they were unduly elected by their own
constituency who probably look and think like them like like like like that it is because the whole
shtick of thinking locally acting locally is so it is the huge threat you can't you can't stand at
one of those rallies and make everyone in portland stop making their own cheese i ran out of ways to
everyone go make their own cheese i don't i i was like that that the those representatives are
like look at the inverse relationship they have they represent something no pun intended like
and and it's it's a it's drawing a thing from that party they're going here's our strategy
because we have no opposition on the left in terms of like a mecca godzilla to our godzilla
which is actually a problem for them because if people get fatigued as they very well might of
a fucking autocrat they might just actually find it more appealing for a jimmy carter to just step
up and be like hey i like the taste of fucking graham crackers and milk i don't need any more of this
shit i'm fucking tired god damn you wore out my racist bone um i i i i i i i didn't tell my mom
i i pretended i voted for trump but i i secretly voted for jimmy carter because i'm tired of being
racist i got so racist last eight years it hurt anyways but um like that is why because they you
could his instinct everyone's like oh it's a distraction for the epstein thing that that
guy's never done delayed gratification in his life like he doesn't he's not like oh i think i'll think
one thing and not say it um he what he's doing is very organic and natural he's like i only understand
fighting and he's like joe biden's not worth fighting if he fights joe biden he looks like a
fucking dummy he's gonna be like oh sleepy joe it's gonna it's only gonna inflate and so he's like
these socialists these women of color like he want that their whole camp like is going um
these faces this identity politics is powerful it can displace us and so that's a that's an
uplifting thought they're scared of it they believe that uh one skywalker can blow up a death star
they are very worried about it yeah i i that's i that's my i mean that's my hope i that's always
been every that's what we hope for for sure yeah i i i went through a real shitty like dark cynical
period and then realized i'm like oh this is one of the great things i'll be married my wife was
like you know you're a hundred percent wrong about all your political predictions because i've been
like just like making but she said that to you yeah and i realized that like yeah a couple of
years ago i've been wrong about literally everything political to realize that like you don't
understand geopolitics i don't understand geopolitics it's not i just don't know that doesn't mean we
shouldn't interact with it but the thing i at least have been trying to do is like in my own home
try to not bring that shit in there and then uh this guy chug him trump orempe she says that if
you want to like change society the way you're you're gonna have to do it is maybe the isms will
work like maybe we can make find a socialism that works a communism that works a capitalism that
works a little elon musk jism maybe jism always works baby always works you gotta pop those musk
balloons yeah well don't wait you save them oh don't pop the balloons are there to protect them from
the vacuum of space but no the balloons are acting like an airbag why keep the jizz in the musk balloon
if you don't want to form a lethal cum cloud around the earth it'll instantly disperse in a
spherical pattern it'll block it'll block the fight him indeed you're one of those musk jizz
hoarders that wants to keep it in the balloon i'm saying let's disperse the musk jizz i would
like you're a party man but we're thinking about the end of the world you got to get those jizz
balloons down in your bunker wait for a special occasion pop those jizz balloons right now but
that's i think there's a that's the you see i'm gonna pop the balloon man you guys deflected uh
you you you guys want to keep that's your problem Duncan you want to you want to keep the jizz inside
the balloon sure it's a why because it came from elon musk's dick yeah but you know but what if you
had thomas Edison's jizz i would let i would pop that balloon too you would have made the worst
mistake of your life you're gonna pop a balloon you're one of those people that wants to hoard
jizz balloons of geniuses and you want to hoard genius jizz and balloons i would like the woolly
mammoth to come back right but you would keep it in a balloon and not not you wouldn't you pop that
jeff the whole point of putting elon musk's jizz in a balloon and launching it into space is not
so that it surrounds the earth elon can surround the earth with jizz from home we need to get his
jizz out of orbit where it can pop around okay venus for so you want to pop the balloon eventually
well the balloon i hope will pop on itself okay that that's that's all i'm saying all i'm saying
but you want to be outside and it starts raining musk jizz i wanted to rain genius jizz all over
my face what do you think this podcast is you've been you've been living in your own paradise this
whole time you're soaking wet baby um i did not to drag it back to the less fun thing and i'm not
i'm not i'm not i'm not doing that entirely i want to actually just get the one fruitful thing
out of that because what you said suggest that one thing which is it we can it's like it's that
it's the whole awareness thing and it's this idea of like oh i'm wrong i'm wrong about everything
like like it's and it's okay to be wrong which is like that's why i was like those people chanting
the thing at a rally like who cares they're a crowd they change to something at a rally the
customer is always right they're americans they have freedom of speech they're allowed to have a
fucking weird dumb joke get out of control we're not we they don't need to be rounded up and and
investigated there's a fucking dude right up there in a system that we designed for that purpose
who has a chance to react to it and chooses the worst fucking possible path through that interaction
and and so our way of fighting it uh in big air quotes is like is actually just being like oh what
did i learn from all of this shit last couple years i am for me using my eye statements it's
like i learned that i had a huge intolerance for being out of control for like i like i you know
like just like it boy was i like fucking addicted to like controlling the fucking world it was crazy
how unable i was to handle the concept that that that shit wasn't gonna go my way tomorrow and like
i like i only got a teaspoon of it and i reacted in a way that made all of the women in my life
all of the people of color in my life frankly which i like like they're like welcome to the party
and it was like okay that's good because when that line is said and die hard marks the beginning of
an alliance that saves Nakatomi Plaza and sometimes it has to start with a dead body
breaking a windshield of a guy that just wanted to have twinkies and i know it's confusing because
i'm actually the black guy in that metaphor uh i don't know man like you know i i want it to be
great you know i love the idea of like yeah we can all i love the i'm gonna stay optimistic all
the way until i'm getting my head chopped off and thank you very much put on a pike now i mean i
just want to point out you know the the smattering of applause you get when you praise optimism
it's from a bunch of optimists you're right they're easy clappers we've always known this people
they're easy clappers yeah there they go there they go easy clappers
but hey you can still i'm you get your optimism doesn't mean being weak or optimism doesn't mean
having to be all like flowery and full of shit or whatever it's like you can you can optimistically
you know that's that great book man search for meaning by victor franco where he's like in oschwitz
and like within that situation he still finds a way to maintain a belief in like humanity as being
a positive plus beautiful thing on the planet even in the midst of all that so if he could do it
i'm certain that that we can do it in this insane revolting and turbulent weird time right now it's
just i think to for me it just means like i can't do anything about those fucking rallies like i can't
do anything about that i can't do anything about they kind of hope you'd try i mean that's a whole
it's as simple as biological physics like that's what a cell any membrane is it's like this uh
bio lipid uh what's bio fuck i forgot that god damn it's like like cell membranes are just made of
a thing that is it likes water on one side and it hates water on the other and it naturally forms
a membrane around a thing it's like it they need to have their rally not to sorry to interrupt but
i just like like like like if i was sorry i interrupted why did i i don't know i mean i was
like desperately searching for some like nice cap on the shit when it's like i don't know man this
stuff happens super fast look what happened in iran it can happen just like that and all of a
sudden everyone's getting arrested and the next thing you know shits on fire and you didn't
do anything is what were you going to do anyway and you're fucked i mean really if you look at
taiwan as an example of what you're supposed to do and then look at us you see like the difference
like they understand it enough to know oh we're going to get out there and we're not going to
sleep and we're going to get shot in the face and we're going to like get beaten by thugs because
we so don't want to have our freedom encroached upon anymore than it already is and we're kind of
like uh well as long as no one's racist yeah we uh kind of i mean yeah because we haven't
because we haven't yet hit that point you know tarence mckinnon said that thing where the apocalypse
is already happening it just hadn't gotten to the united states yet it's like when it's when it finally
comes then then you know people tend to act because i i do have this fantasy of like shit if we all
just did go like yellow vest or whatever and we really did it and we went into the streets
and we're like yeah we don't want it anymore and we really started like setting shit on fire and
really like doing what you're supposed to do when things are really bad i think it would change
really it would change pretty fast well yeah if everyone did anything yeah change real fast yeah
but that but that's to me that's like if if like you're a lion tamer and and human like all of us
as a whole are the lion then you want to keep the lion entertaining i guess you want to keep it active
but you don't want it to remember what it's a lion and we went because the moment that happens
and people remember oh if we organize and take to the streets should change as fast it's all over
for them usually it's like a bad thing but if you can keep the lion just you know pissed off give it
a couple of swipes let it growl here and there but mostly keep it kind of sedated and busy typing
and looking at its fucking instagram or whatever then you can just do whatever you want to the lion
you can fuck the lion you can milk the lion for its sweet jizz and add it to your weird gross
semen balloon collection and then jeff will come over and pop it i got everybody like everybody
lights up when we get back on that track they're like come on get back to that thing and the
cynicism is like what caused all the problem in the first place this hopeless sense of cynicism
which is like nothing i do is gonna matter it's all the same if everyone instead of doing that
were like i'm gonna do the best possible thing for the situation none of it would have devolved
but it had done people have thought that for like hundreds of years and it created this untenable
situation cynical thoughts are there and they should be acknowledged i think that's a huge
lesson that we that we learned and i was resistant to that message because the last thing i wanted
to hear after the day i learned that i didn't control the world and then i had backed the wrong
horse and that it was good so you know it was like i was so fucking sick of the fucking think pieces
about you know i forgot the rust belt but we what we did forget was we forgot we forgot that every
single person was like it yeah we did we did enter a world where we're like actually like you
know what there's such a thing as dismissible people and we that was working for us economically
up to a certain point and then and then it and then it became a thing that you could launch a
platform off of some fucking dude was like oh all this fucking human flotsam you can actually turn
that all into one big mac anyways i'm mixing metaphors or maybe not i don't know much about
big macs but the um i do think that yeah cynicism doesn't need to you don't need to choose between
being cynical which is the the fucking belief that things are going to tend to go from high to low
hot to cold yeah like like like cynicism is reality tragedy is a thing that is but cynicism
causes the inaction but it's like yeah we we it's the the people that the people that are trying
to trick us into thinking you have to choose between polyanna and nihilism um are they don't
have our best interests at heart because we've been living this long by finding a way to split
the difference we know goddamn well that life doesn't mean shit and but we are here because
people that had bleaker lives than we did um like grabbed their fucking bayonets blenders of
particle accelerators what their weapon of choice in the war against chaos and they found order
they they yeah so there's a lot of delusion to being a human i feel like we're fucking monkeys
that talk it's not worth much if you really think about it which we're the only animal that can and
so we shouldn't and it's like it's a fucking bummer and so we make up stories and sound clouds and
stuff to cope with it it is it is crucial to find that middle ground that to to to refuse the temptation
to someone telling you no at the end of the day you're either this or you're that that's the sign
of somebody that's probably trying to trying to box you in and you can have joyful cynicism like
the idea like cynicism is so fun like when you hit a nice cynical cynical pitch and you're really
just fucking just slashing the throat of the world and as long as you just can really enjoy it and
recognize like this isn't all that i am but god damn if i don't have a nice throbbing vein of
cynicism pumping through me at all times you get to have your cynicism and you're right when sun
when a son of a bitch at some fucking yoga studio tries to like get you to overcome your cynicism
like it's bad or something fuck that that's the devil like you start calling yourself yeah it
it well it's gonna cause don't listen to him you react and this is the most uplifting thing about
humans is that you react to that with fury yeah if you're feeling like self-loathing or these
things that we label as unhealthy you're like you say in front of a yoga guy um i'm so such a piece
of shit i ate a philly cheese steak last night i shouldn't have done that and like like the the
kind of people that go like whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa stop stop stop everything
think different it is the good part of every american that's like no stop stopping stop
telling me to let this play out it's archie bunker it's cartman it's gonna fucking flow like lava
make a mountain and change the landscape like what like let it be over if you truly believe it's
like fruitless like i'm not suggesting we go into the streets and take care of my fatness with the
final solution i'm momentarily running out this fucking lobe in my brain that's like i'm a piece
of shit i fucking fail and there are ways to like grab the person next to you when they're
you know cody's in that space right now or dog is fucking terribly ill and she's she's she's
she's she's she's in this awful place and it's like it's almost it's like a drug trip
coaching kind of thing where i'm like i'm i mean she probably he it's probably isn't working but
like i i'm always saying to her like you can feel that feeling just don't you just don't act on it
it's it like it's it's just like yeah it's like like don't argue with people that they're not feeling
shitty because then they're like fuck you i definitely know i am like you're full you're
horseshit you're well yeah because people don't want it like you want to one of those liberating
things i figured out well i didn't figure out so it's a i think it's a buddhist idea something
i chug him tromba talks about a little bit i think this is a safe place for you to just take
credit for it okay i invented this i came up with a thing called buddhism it's pretty fucking cool
four noble don't don't call it buddhism you're just gonna get caught up in court for five thousand
years it's this idea of like uh sometimes things just suck and that's it so instead of trying to
put lipstick on the suck or trying to like put a little wig on the suck and you're like yeah
you know like i learned so much from um getting one of my balls chopped off it was really a great
true story all that stuff it's like which is okay to do it's not to say that you you don't learn
from your trauma or whatever but a lot of times you'll get around these like trauma cops who when
you're finally getting to the point of overcoming the guilt you're feeling about being angry whoever
the the thing was or whatever it was and you're finally feeling this pure anger someone will come
to you and be like but maybe you should you know zoom out a little bit from the anger and just
understand that there's a way to really love the whatever the fucking thing is you know you could
just truly and it's like no fuck that it sucked period that's it i had two whole balls yeah i had
two i know i've had this many i had one it's worse mom gone dad gone you know what i mean we're gonna
lose everyone everyone's gonna fucking die and for real gonna die and they're gonna die before
you expect them to you're gonna get a phone call and the person's dead before you expected it it's
not when you think and you're gonna die before you expect you and the way you die is not the way
you thought it would be like in the movies where you look like you look like you just got back from
the gym or some shit and you fall asleep no you're gonna become a drooling daughtering thing
spinning through time sweating profusely confused like i think i'm awake what's where's danny should
we go to the car leasing station or whatever you're just gonna fucking croak and that sucks
period just accept that that sucks for me that's been the most liberating thing to be like oh yeah
it does just get to suck and then within that somewhere there's a sense of like i think i can
fucking do this optimism shit but i can't do it without the suck first i'm hungry for it now exactly
exactly i smoked the box of cigars in the closet of like i think there might need not be a god like
you can't just force feed people yeah like like over and over again like i don't know don't let that
in your head well that's called you know that's what they call spiritual bypass so it's it's the
idea is like it's basically like if i put on an outfit like i graduated from college i graduated
from college but first you have to go through this like just a real swamp of like not good and not
not good not like movie not good or not not good where there's like gonna be a thing at the end
of the not good where it's like oh see now we did we did it and now the puzzle pieces fit no it just
isn't good and that's it and it doesn't get better it's actually called hopelessness and it's really
one of the most beautiful things ever to finally become absolutely hopeless because uh that means
that you're not torturing yourself anymore with a fantasy of the way things could be that's pretty
great and i advise it for anyone to become absolutely completely hopeless but that's where
optimism starts optimism grows from the soil of hopelessness in the most beautiful way because if
the universe exists and it was created by a any kind of sentient deity can you imagine how hopeless
that motherfucker must have been in order to create bother to create hope out of thin air like that
must have been a sad piece of shit like like who's like like like oh um genuinely absolutely 100
percent positive that there's no meaning to life at all because here i am and there's nothing if i
don't do it and then like i think i'll fuck with that because then i wanted hope i want to create
the idea of mortality right that's that's and so and so you're hopeless he's a serial killer your
hopelessness is your atonement with the with the cosmic entity it's like whether if you're an atheist
then that means nothingness your hopelessness is you aligning as raccoons and drafts cannot no
matter what they tell you your sentence allows you to align with the unliving impersonal cosmic
bulldozer that was so selfish and shitty and scared and that it made the universe you use the
those moments when you're when you've got that that gun in your mouth and you don't know who to
talk to and stuff it's like if you can just scrape that bottom of the pool and just come back up and
do time just don't do the permanent thing don't don't do the thing that you mean are you talking
about suicide don't kill yourself yeah that's an easy stance to take isn't it well well i mean yes
and i know like don't do the permanent thing but the the other for me like the i think suicide
is man it's a gamble because you are i thought i really just had the easy point of view on this
no i'm saying like kids if you haven't contemplated suicide you know i would be that would be
surprising to me so any i think anyone who's sentient and experiencing suffering and wants to
find exits that's the first thing that pops into your head so i've thought about it a lot and uh
my conclusion is oh well it's uncertain about what happens upon extinction like for example if we knew
that we somehow had some way to really show sentience is based on neurobiology and
when you kill yourself there is a pure extinguishment of all identity it kind of like
what dockens calls death is the anesthesia that saves us from the pain of eternity stuff like
we get fully put under she's there's no coming back he's um not the band dog oh i was like okay all
right well i gotta i gotta revisit my done docking you've never heard that docking stuff
i'm just fucked up damn time warriors i i have to go back and re-listen to that before
they're uh but you're assuming street three soundtrack they all right continue sorry to me
it's like what if you kill yourself and the momentum of the pain that you're experiencing that drove
you to do self-violence continues into some uh liminal bardo state and that momentum brings
you into another incarnation then you're just in this never-ending cycle so it was a failed attempt
it didn't work so it doesn't it didn't solve the problem and so to me that's a good that that definitely
has kept me from i guess that's an interesting like kept you from what like killing myself it's a
it's like jesus fucking christ do you know when you jump out the window and you're like
fantasizing like maybe when i jump out the pavement turns into like a lake or something and i dive into
nothingness how do you know you don't just suddenly come to and you're driving like a metro bus having
a deja vu or this nature of time and consciousness is so variable that it's the moment that your skull
impacts with the pavement that actually gets protracted into a subjective eternity yeah like
exactly some like yeah infinite ketamine like agony moment that goes on and on and on you the
point is we just don't know and and because of that it seems like or what i've been taught is it's
better to work on extinguishing the illusion of the identity rather than the physical body because
the physical body is actually a secondary consideration i wish we had started here instead
of almost ending here because this is such an interesting thing maybe maybe we both just got
too drunk but uh the but because what i would i would want to add to that is i'm you're that's
very interesting and clever to come up with a logical reason not to do it but i see as the
big problem is the search for logic and then when people feel like they lose their logic they feel
then tempted it's the pain of of directionlessness and like uh just that emptiness where where you're
like well i it hurts and i think that's a really interesting thing about humans is that our neutral
gill gear gill holy shit let's work we're almost done folks i that our neutral gear is painful to us
if we're not engaged we're actually feeling wrong we're feeling eaten alive by like these weird
cyber christ nano insects from lawnmower man and like um like just just watch it in mosquito
coast that's your uh oprah oprah list the so so i just like i i definitely lost the power to
articulate what i'm saying but like i it is interesting to be like hey man don't kill yourself
because you never know it's also like it's more important like to me to be like yeah you never
know so don't kill yourself but i know that sounds like the same thing but like i i just like it's a
feeling it's a it's always a feeling that's the weird thing about humanity is there is no logical
reason to stay alive there is only just just hanging out and it it it's that it's that belief that if
something doesn't make sense it shouldn't exist that can be fatal for kids who who don't have an
experience yet with like oh shit sometimes shit just is super dark and confusing and then all of
a sudden it's not and they don't know that when they're 16 and then they do the they do things that
any human can do they have the power to do things that you'd never do when you were 40 just because
you've experienced more 16s by then you've been like well yeah this too shall pass and and i and
so there is this wisdom even though it sounds kind of provincial it sounds like your your old
daughtery guidance counselor but it's it's just like just don't act on anything that you're only
feeling it doesn't duck and feelings aren't valid is is that a common thing that you think about or
is that something that just comes up once in a while the idea of like like offing yourself like
oh i i i used to get depressed i haven't gotten depressed in quite some time thank god but i used
to get like severely depressed and part of that is like intrusive suicidal thoughts but he'll be
thinking about it next wednesday night in a cage with uh elan musk for real like our our friends
keep killing themselves like our funny friends keep dying i'm not gonna kill myself don't please
and no i'm not i'm this is what you think but that's actually a thought that you that like
runs through your brain oh god i would i love i really love being alive and i wouldn't like i i
used to have depression i don't now but i and i and it recurred through my i've thought about it too
i think it's important for people to go like it's a thought how did you go from being uh thoughts of
depression and to not being depressed like what was the transition for you jesus it was a long
fucking fiber journey it was my fiber journey you should read my book it's on amazon i've read
your fiber blog fiber cured my depression fiber enemas spencer you got thoughts it was quinoa it
was quinoa yeah it's a combo of quinoa and fiber and just like a basic like i i i rub fiber into
my prolapse in the morning and it just like makes me no no i i that was not that just so you know
and thank you for asking that now is that not a cry for help it was and there's not a secret
thing underneath it or like i i really like to be alive i i don't have any desire at all to no
longer exist i have this beautiful son and a wonderful wife i love to exist i i like it so
much but i do think that depressed people uh they even that's this what is a psychologically
documented thing which is intrusive suicidal thoughts become shameful you know you're like oh
my god my brain spit out this horrific way of doing things and then you feel embarrassed about it
because you're like you don't want to talk about it and also you don't want to talk about it and then
you kill yourself but then you're like are my but you're thinking like shit man i must be so crazy
that i'd want to do that when and i really do mean this is not that i'm saying the instinct to kill
yourself is actually more of an instinct to move beyond who you think you are you're just desperately
trying to solve the problem of this micro is hardcore compression into your identity and so
uh this which is why i one of the things i've heard is before you reject yourself you need to
know yourself how can you reject yourself if you don't know who you are and so the idea is to first
prior to any kind of horrific solution like that see if you can figure out what you actually are
and in that exploration it's really cool because like literally everything in the material universe
if you zoom in on it far enough it disappears similarly the identity itself if you spend any
time analyzing it and deeply looking into it you will begin to notice the most beautiful terrifying
and ultimately liberating thing happens which is you as you thought you were ceased to exist
and you didn't have to jump out of a building for that to happen and somewhere in there i think is
something quite beautiful and uh a far less destructive solution for your community and
and i think there's some compassion there too there's something really sweet about being in all
that fucking pain that you get into when you're depressed beyond pain you wish you were in pain
you wish you were sad anything to not just feel that numb dead entropic miasmic paralysis you
would give anything just to feel a moment of sadness and somewhere in that there is something so
sweet and beautiful about still finding the strength to stay alive because you know the
people around you would be so devastated to me that is a really beautiful thing and that is a
reason to stay alive and a logical reason to stay alive aside from the fact that when you kill
yourself a hundred percent of the time you wake up and you're having a deja vu as a metro city bus
driver if i get you cliffhanger drunken trussell thank you thank you drunken it's been a long
thanks for spending your monday night with us spencer great thank you all for coming
pretty special i'm your com total jeff davis your name is jan marvin thank you jack all this church
all y'all drive fast take chances
did you get any of that